good morning everyone or at least it's
the morning for me I thought I would
show you guys at my skincare routine all
the products I'm gonna be showing you
guys today are one not sponsored in any
way and we'll get paid to show you any
of this stuff - I've been using this
stuff for months so this isn't like I
picked it up and I really like it I just
want to show it to you guys this is
stuff that have been my ride-or-die for
I would say almost a year now because I
was using this before I had my son and
he's almost a year can you guys believe
that he's almost a year old anyways
let's get right into it I'm gonna be
showing you my date and nighttime
routine because they were incredibly
simple so I don't have to do like a full
separate video for it it's gonna be
quite easy so the first product is going
to be this glam glow dual cleanse this
one is just like my restock I have like
my almost empty one in my bathroom but
this was just in my vanity I thought I
would just grab it so you've got this
side it's like it more of an oil so it's
gonna be really hydrating and then this
side is more of like an exfoliator
although I have a sensitive dry skin I
use this every single morning and if you
guys can see it it is a dual pump so
you're actually going to get both or if
you want you could just choose one for
the day I use this every single morning
not only is the smell great but it has
evened out my skin a lot and it leaves
it really really smooth as you guys can
see I do have some spots here but
they're not bumpy they're just smooth to
my skin so the technique that I use it
when I wash my face with this cleanser
is dry cleansing I like to put this on
my face when my face and hands are
completely dry I feel like once the
water hits my face that's really what's
gonna activate the cleanser and pull all
of the dirt out of my pores I massage it
into my skin completely dry and then I
go in with the water and that's when I
clean it all off of my face right after
that I'm gonna go ahead and move on to
moisturizer I feel like I don't use
toner although I should I just haven't
found one that I really like yet
so if you guys have any suggestions for
a toner it definitely bit down in the
comments down below because I'm very
interested in working
toner into my routine from moisturizer
I'm going to use the first aid beauty
ultra Repair Cream this was recommended
to me while I was at a Sephora when I
was pregnant during my time being
pregnant I had extremely dry skin to the
point where like everything was so dry
and it was so painful I don't think I
will ever steer away from this
moisturizer during the day because I
have extremely dry skin I actually use
quite a bit of this on my face
especially in the morning because when I
wake up from obviously sleeping my skin
is always extremely extremely dehydrated
so I like to use quite a bit of this in
the morning I just started on this one
like two or three days ago because my
other one ran out as you can see like I
take quite a bit on my face this stuff
just your skin will just soak it up and
this is how I get my skin to feel very
like plump and bouncy during the day at
first it's gonna look like I'm really
oily but it goes into your skin quite
quickly I'm gonna let this kind of seep
into my skin while I move on to the last
step of my morning routine something
that has become really apparent to me
since having a child is the bags and
darkness that I have under my eyes
obviously from stress and lack of sleep
that's extremely common when it came to
finding something for my under eye to
kind of help with the darkness I wanted
something that just seemed more honest
something that was gonna be blunt with
me was not gonna have any extra things
in it as far as ingredients go something
that didn't have this crazy outrageous
packaging that was supposed to just make
me fall in love with them if you're
somebody who frequents Beauty pages on
Instagram like trend mood or you're
somebody who is on like the Sephora app
on a regular basis you would know about
this company because they've recently
just launched a few of their products on
the Sephora website and that is the
company called the ordinary this is
called caffeine solution five percent so
they're extremely honest about what is
inside of these products they don't need
to give it another name to get people to
buy it if you know
I believe this was $7.00 probably even
less I truly believe this is the reason
why my eyes are completely blacked out
underneath the bottle has gotten kind of
gross because I'm really really running
low on this I have to go out and get
more but I don't start my day unless
I've used this under my eyes just like
to go in and Pat it under my eyes
extremely lightly using my ring fingers
because I want to make sure that it's
gentle and not too harsh so that's my
morning routine and it takes you about 3
to 5 minutes my night routine is even
easier my night routine consists of
three products we've got the micellar
water which is how I take all of my
makeup off I keep this on my desk
because I take my makeup off here I like
to watch YouTube videos and stuff when I
take my makeup off and I just used some
dollar store pads these are like jumbo
pads and I got from the dollar store and
I just pump it take my makeup off pretty
standard do that I go in with my Peter
Thomas Roth back knee pads their real
name is max complexion correction pads
but for me this is how I get rid of all
my acne this right here I woke up with
and I think it has a lot to do with the
fact that I need to wash my pillow sheet
I haven't washed it in probably a week
which I know it's really gross but to be
fair I have a kid so I do what I can
when I can
my sister-in-law recommended these after
she went to Sephora and got like a whole
new skincare routine now these are on
the pricier side in Canada they cost
about $50 and you only get 60 pads but
the best thing about this is they are
quite big and I don't know if you guys
can see in there but there's a half one
in there I use scissors and I cut them
in half I never use a full pad unless I
have like a full hormonal breakout which
is very rare because I've been using
these so I only use half so you get 120
pads for $50 I know that $50 can be
quite steep but I don't use any other
acne clearing solutions nothing like
that this is the holy grail of acne
products I know that $50 is quite steep
but this saved my skin 100% and I'm
someone
was extremely sensitive skin I'm someone
who's really dry skin and I have
suffered from acne gosh like I know that
it doesn't look too bad now but this is
probably the best stage my skin has ever
been in my entire life I think I said I
only use half of this I'm gonna start by
letting it sit where I have a breakout
and then I'm gonna go ahead and use it
on the rest of my face
once this has set in my face if I'm not
already completely passed out I will go
ahead and use this moisturizer again
just to make sure my face is hydrated at
nighttime while I sleep and honestly
that's it outside of that there are a
few masks that I like to use if you guys
follow me on snapchat you would see a
lot of these masks right now I'm using
the touch' violet radiance matte feel
like my skin's a little bit dull so
every once in a while I will go in with
this mask the next one is the Peter
Thomas Roth Hungarian thermal water heat
mask this one's really cool it's kind of
like an oily clay that goes on your skin
you massage it in and then you would
basically dip your hands in a little bit
of water and then you go in and massage
it again and it heats up which opens
your pores it all dies and then of
course the glam glow glitter mask I kind
of like it sometimes I feel like I can
only use it a certain time of the month
because it's gonna make me break out if
I'm like almost on my period but for the
most part still really like this mask so
that's it that is my whole skincare
routine day night the masks that I'm
using hopefully you guys like this video
if you guys want to see some more
skincare video is that definitely give
this video a thumbs up and I will see
you in my next video bye
[Music]
I just notice now that there was like a
piece of this stuck on my face he's
turned the wall out around that video of
course that would happen